# EmSys: Lab1 logbook 

### Hello World
> Complete the following:

> 1. Commit a sketch [HelloWorld/HelloWorld.ino](HelloWorld/HelloWorld.ino) that prints a message of your choice __[1 mark]__

--------------------------------
### dotDevice 
> Answer/Complete the following:

> __Part one:__
> 1. Make your dotDevice say something. Include a screenshot and commit the code to [dotDevice/Task1/Task1.ino](dotDevice/Task1/Task1.ino) __[2 marks]__
> 2. Make your dotDevice dance. Commit the code to [dotDevice/Task2/Task2.ino](dotDevice/Task2/Task2.ino) __[2 marks]__
> 3. Make your dotDevice change colour periodically. Commit the code to [dotDevice/Task3/Task3.ino](dotDevice/Task3/Task3.ino) __[2 marks]__
> 4. Make your dotDevice speak, dance, change colour, and size periodically in a single program. Commit the code to [dotDevice/Task4/Task4.ino](dotDevice/Task4/Task4.ino) __[2 marks]__
> 5. Add some discussion on difficulties and debugging strategies __[2 marks]__

>__Part two:__
> 1. Use the dotDevice on-board memory to load commands to perform actions similar to part one. Commit your code to [dotDevice/Task5/Task5.ino](dotDevice/Task5/Task5.ino) __[6 marks]__
> 2. Discuss the differences between using the on-board dotDevice programmable command memory vs continuously sending commands. What are the tradeoffs? __[6 marks]__ 
> 3. Periodically upload a command sequence to the programmable memory of your dotDevice, this sequence must incoporate random elements that are generated by the true random hardware generator. Commit your code to [dotDevice/Task6/Task6.ino](dotDevice/Task6/Task6.ino) __[6 marks]__ 
